docs/teaching/01txy-wa1/2-schedule.mdx, before:

---
description: "Course schedule"
---

import {LectureRow, LectureDivider, LectureTable} from '@site/src/components/Lectures'
import Link from '@docusaurus/Link'


# Schedule

:::info
- Slides and learning material: https://github.com/polito-webapp1/material-2024
- Exercises and code developed in classroom: https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024
- Video Lectures (YouTube playlist): https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqRTLlwsxDL9lcLij9lXLxTGQHhKIgSFt
:::

<LectureTable defaultTeacher="Fulvio Corno" defaultType="Lecture" showMaterial={true} language='EN'>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 01
</LectureDivider>


<LectureRow
    date="05/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L01 Introduction to the course'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/00-intro-2024-WA1.pdf'
    video={['https://youtu.be/3z6AT2fteAc', 'https://youtu.be/1iQa_AEvVCI']}
/>

<LectureRow
    date="05/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L02 Introduction to JavaScript'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/1-01-javascript-basics.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/8mxDWg3O0-M'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="07/03/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    topic='L03 JavaScript Exercises on Arrays and Strings'
    type='Exercise'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week01/exercises.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/xFfRqY85RQc'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="07/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L04 JavaScript Objects and Functions'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/1-02-javascript-objects-functions.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/YpjdzeCe8sw'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 01 exercises'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week01'
    teacher='' type=''
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 02
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="12/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L05 Constructor Functions. Callbacks. Exercise 3.'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week02/exercise%203.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/uupGl6dcZJo'
/>  

<LectureRow
    date="12/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L06 Functional programming. Exercise 3.'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/1-03-javascript-async-programming.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/xFSsudR-Buc'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time=""
    type='Lab'
    topic='Overall labs specification'
    teacher=''
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/00-overall-labs-specification/overall-labs-specification.pdf'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 01 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab01-node/lab01-getting-started-node.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab01-node'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 01 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab01-node/lab01-getting-started-node.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab01-node'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 01 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab01-node/lab01-getting-started-node.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab01-node'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 02 exercises'
    teacher='' type=''
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week02'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 03
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="19/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L07 JavaScript Asynchronous Programming. Interfacing with SQLite.'
    video='https://youtu.be/lPbGHkCgSuQ'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="19/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L08 Promises. Exercise on Asynchronous Programming.'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week03/exercise%204.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/0cI_KmgfIRo'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="21/03/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 02 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab02-node-database/lab02-node-database.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab02-node-database'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="21/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 02 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab02-node-database/lab02-node-database.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab02-node-database'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="12/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 02 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab02-node-database/lab02-node-database.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab02-node-database'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 03 exercises'
    teacher='' type=''
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week03'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 04
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="26/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L09 Web architectures. Express.'
    pdf={['https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/2-01-Express.pdf', 'https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/2-02-API.pdf']}
    video='https://youtu.be/Gq2hJmeEKs4'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="26/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L10 HTTP APIs. Exercise on API design.'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week04'
    video='https://youtu.be/MMiuBLZsMco'
/>

<LectureRow
    type="🐰" teacher="" variant="info"
    topic='Easter Vacations'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/04/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 03 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab03-express/lab03-express.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab03-express'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 03 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab03-express/lab03-express.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab03-express'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 03 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab03-express/lab03-express.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab03-express'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 04 exercises'
    teacher='' type=''
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week04'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 05
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="09/04/2024" time=""
    type='Reading'
    topic='HTML and CSS'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/readings/3-0-reading-html-css.pdf'
/>


<LectureRow
    date="09/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L11 Exercise on HTML, CSS and Bootstrap'
    type='Exercise'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week05/exercise%206.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/4nEUaNJnUjg'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="09/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L12 Javascript in the browser'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/3-01-JS-browser.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/m64hXq2JQ58'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="11/04/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 04 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab04-html-css/lab04-html-css.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab04-html-css'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="11/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 04 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab04-html-css/lab04-html-css.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab04-html-css'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="11/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 04 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab04-html-css/lab04-html-css.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab04-html-css'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 06
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="16/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L13 Exercise on Javascript in the browser'
    type='Exercise'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week06/exercise%207.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/yyEpDI3jP-w'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="16/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L14 Exercise on async/await and POST APIs'
    video='https://youtu.be/Ie3K5OW3iUk'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="18/04/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 05 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab05-js-browser/lab05-js-browser.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab05-js-browser'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="18/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 05 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab05-js-browser/lab05-js-browser.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab05-js-browser'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="18/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 05 - Group 3 -- THIS WEEK GROUP 3 IS MERGED WITH GROUP 2 (In Room R2B)'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab05-js-browser/lab05-js-browser.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab05-js-browser'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 07
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="23/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L15 Introduction to React'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-01-React-intro.pdf'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    video='https://youtu.be/CuvfevT1YV4'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="23/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L16 JSX, Components, props - Exercise'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-02-Elements-and-JSX.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week07/react-qa'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="25/04/2024" time=""
    type="🌴" teacher="" variant="info"
    topic='Vacations'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 08
</LectureDivider>


<LectureRow
    date="30/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L17 React Components and State'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-03-Components-and-state.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week08/exercise%209.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/AIx89lYhsF4'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="30/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L18 Exercise on React State. Forms in React.'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-04-Forms.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week08/react-qa'
    video='https://youtu.be/hc7LhRScBs0'
/>


<LectureRow
    date="02/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 06 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab06-react/lab06-getting-started-react.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab06-react'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="02/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 06 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab06-react/lab06-getting-started-react.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab06-react'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="02/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 06 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab06-react/lab06-getting-started-react.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab06-react'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 09
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="07/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L19 React Forms and State Exercise (part I)'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week09/react-qa'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    video='https://youtu.be/StYvn3XKuK8'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="07/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L20 React Forms and State Exercise (part II)'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week09/react-qa'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    video='https://youtu.be/xr8A2l3DDlk'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="09/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 07 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab07-forms/lab07-forms.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab07-forms'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="09/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 07 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab07-forms/lab07-forms.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab07-forms'
/>


<LectureDivider>
### Week 10
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="14/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L21 React Context. React Router'
    teacher='Fulvio Corno'
    video='https://youtu.be/OrBR6OstppA'
    pdf={['https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-05-Context.pdf', 'https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-06-React-Router.pdf']}

/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L22 Exercise on React Router'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week10/exercise%2011.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/zGAl1cQiNCI'
    teacher='Fulvio Corno'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="16/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 08 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab08-routes/lab08-routes.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab08-routes'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="16/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 08 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab08-routes/lab08-routes.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab08-routes'
/>


<LectureDivider>
### Week 11
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="21/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L23 Fetch. Client-server interaction in React'
    pdf={['https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/3-02-fetch.pdf', 'https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-07-Client-Server-React.pdf']}
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week11/exercises.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/ziu57oj-_Cg'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="21/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L24 useEffect and React lifecycle'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-08-LifeCycle.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/OzcEZFqgAB8'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="23/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 09 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab09-client-server-I/lab09-API-1.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab09-client-server-I'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="23/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 09 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab09-client-server-I/lab09-API-1.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab09-client-server-I'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 12
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="28/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L25 useEffect: advanced topics'
    video='https://youtu.be/OcdWjXmhu2Y'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="28/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L26a Info about the exam - L26b Exercise on useEffect and fetch'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week12/exercises.md'
    video={['https://youtu.be/ASBr_cjdgsk', 'https://youtu.be/xNTvNyzdLOM']}
/>

<LectureRow
    date="30/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 10 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab10-client-server-II/lab10-API-2.pdf'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="30/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 10 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab10-client-server-II/lab10-API-2.pdf'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 13
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="04/06/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L27 Authentication with Passport.js'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/06/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L28 Authentication Exercise'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="06/06/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 11 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="06/06/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 11 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 14
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="11/06/2024" time=""
    topic='* No Lectures *'
    teacher=''
    type=''
/>

<LectureRow
    date="13/06/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Exam Simulation (groups 1, 2, 3)'
    teacher='TBD'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="13/06/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Exam Simulation (groups 1, 2, 3) - cont'
    teacher='TBD'
/>

</LectureTable>

## Video lectures

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLqRTLlwsxDL9lcLij9lXLxTGQHhKIgSFt" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

{/* <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLqRTLlwsxDL8WgeiSZVJzjEr1f9aHy2gz" title="YouTube video player" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowFullScreen></iframe>  */}

Commit message:

WA1: info about Bending Spoon seminar

docs/teaching/01txy-wa1/2-schedule.mdx, after:

---
description: "Course schedule"
---

import {LectureRow, LectureDivider, LectureTable} from '@site/src/components/Lectures'
import Link from '@docusaurus/Link'


# Schedule

:::info
- Slides and learning material: https://github.com/polito-webapp1/material-2024
- Exercises and code developed in classroom: https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024
- Video Lectures (YouTube playlist): https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqRTLlwsxDL9lcLij9lXLxTGQHhKIgSFt
:::

<LectureTable defaultTeacher="Fulvio Corno" defaultType="Lecture" showMaterial={true} language='EN'>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 01
</LectureDivider>


<LectureRow
    date="05/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L01 Introduction to the course'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/00-intro-2024-WA1.pdf'
    video={['https://youtu.be/3z6AT2fteAc', 'https://youtu.be/1iQa_AEvVCI']}
/>

<LectureRow
    date="05/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L02 Introduction to JavaScript'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/1-01-javascript-basics.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/8mxDWg3O0-M'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="07/03/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    topic='L03 JavaScript Exercises on Arrays and Strings'
    type='Exercise'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week01/exercises.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/xFfRqY85RQc'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="07/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L04 JavaScript Objects and Functions'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/1-02-javascript-objects-functions.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/YpjdzeCe8sw'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 01 exercises'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week01'
    teacher='' type=''
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 02
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="12/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L05 Constructor Functions. Callbacks. Exercise 3.'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week02/exercise%203.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/uupGl6dcZJo'
/>  

<LectureRow
    date="12/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L06 Functional programming. Exercise 3.'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/1-03-javascript-async-programming.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/xFSsudR-Buc'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time=""
    type='Lab'
    topic='Overall labs specification'
    teacher=''
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/00-overall-labs-specification/overall-labs-specification.pdf'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 01 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab01-node/lab01-getting-started-node.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab01-node'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 01 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab01-node/lab01-getting-started-node.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab01-node'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 01 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab01-node/lab01-getting-started-node.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab01-node'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 02 exercises'
    teacher='' type=''
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week02'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 03
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="19/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L07 JavaScript Asynchronous Programming. Interfacing with SQLite.'
    video='https://youtu.be/lPbGHkCgSuQ'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="19/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L08 Promises. Exercise on Asynchronous Programming.'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week03/exercise%204.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/0cI_KmgfIRo'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="21/03/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 02 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab02-node-database/lab02-node-database.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab02-node-database'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="21/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 02 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab02-node-database/lab02-node-database.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab02-node-database'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="12/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 02 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab02-node-database/lab02-node-database.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab02-node-database'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 03 exercises'
    teacher='' type=''
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week03'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 04
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="26/03/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L09 Web architectures. Express.'
    pdf={['https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/2-01-Express.pdf', 'https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/2-02-API.pdf']}
    video='https://youtu.be/Gq2hJmeEKs4'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="26/03/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L10 HTTP APIs. Exercise on API design.'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week04'
    video='https://youtu.be/MMiuBLZsMco'
/>

<LectureRow
    type="🐰" teacher="" variant="info"
    topic='Easter Vacations'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/04/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 03 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab03-express/lab03-express.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab03-express'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 03 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab03-express/lab03-express.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab03-express'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 03 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab03-express/lab03-express.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab03-express'
/>

<LectureRow
    topic='Week 04 exercises'
    teacher='' type=''
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week04'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 05
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="09/04/2024" time=""
    type='Reading'
    topic='HTML and CSS'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/readings/3-0-reading-html-css.pdf'
/>


<LectureRow
    date="09/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L11 Exercise on HTML, CSS and Bootstrap'
    type='Exercise'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week05/exercise%206.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/4nEUaNJnUjg'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="09/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L12 Javascript in the browser'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/3-01-JS-browser.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/m64hXq2JQ58'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="11/04/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 04 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab04-html-css/lab04-html-css.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab04-html-css'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="11/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 04 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab04-html-css/lab04-html-css.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab04-html-css'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="11/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 04 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab04-html-css/lab04-html-css.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab04-html-css'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 06
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="16/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L13 Exercise on Javascript in the browser'
    type='Exercise'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week06/exercise%207.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/yyEpDI3jP-w'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="16/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L14 Exercise on async/await and POST APIs'
    video='https://youtu.be/Ie3K5OW3iUk'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="18/04/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 05 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab05-js-browser/lab05-js-browser.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab05-js-browser'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="18/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 05 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab05-js-browser/lab05-js-browser.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab05-js-browser'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="18/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 05 - Group 3 -- THIS WEEK GROUP 3 IS MERGED WITH GROUP 2 (In Room R2B)'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab05-js-browser/lab05-js-browser.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab05-js-browser'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 07
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="23/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L15 Introduction to React'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-01-React-intro.pdf'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    video='https://youtu.be/CuvfevT1YV4'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="23/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L16 JSX, Components, props - Exercise'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-02-Elements-and-JSX.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week07/react-qa'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="25/04/2024" time=""
    type="🌴" teacher="" variant="info"
    topic='Vacations'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 08
</LectureDivider>


<LectureRow
    date="30/04/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L17 React Components and State'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-03-Components-and-state.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week08/exercise%209.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/AIx89lYhsF4'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="30/04/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L18 Exercise on React State. Forms in React.'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-04-Forms.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/tree/main/week08/react-qa'
    video='https://youtu.be/hc7LhRScBs0'
/>


<LectureRow
    date="02/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 06 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab06-react/lab06-getting-started-react.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab06-react'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="02/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 06 - Group 2'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab06-react/lab06-getting-started-react.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab06-react'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="02/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 06 - Group 3'
    teacher='Luca Pezzolla'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab06-react/lab06-getting-started-react.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab06-react'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 09
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="07/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L19 React Forms and State Exercise (part I)'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week09/react-qa'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    video='https://youtu.be/StYvn3XKuK8'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="07/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L20 React Forms and State Exercise (part II)'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week09/react-qa'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    video='https://youtu.be/xr8A2l3DDlk'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="09/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 07 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab07-forms/lab07-forms.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab07-forms'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="09/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 07 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab07-forms/lab07-forms.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab07-forms'
/>


<LectureDivider>
### Week 10
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="14/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L21 React Context. React Router'
    teacher='Fulvio Corno'
    video='https://youtu.be/OrBR6OstppA'
    pdf={['https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-05-Context.pdf', 'https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-06-React-Router.pdf']}

/>

<LectureRow
    date="14/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L22 Exercise on React Router'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week10/exercise%2011.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/zGAl1cQiNCI'
    teacher='Fulvio Corno'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="16/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 08 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab08-routes/lab08-routes.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab08-routes'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="16/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 08 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab08-routes/lab08-routes.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab08-routes'
/>


<LectureDivider>
### Week 11
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="21/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L23 Fetch. Client-server interaction in React'
    pdf={['https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/3-02-fetch.pdf', 'https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-07-Client-Server-React.pdf']}
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week11/exercises.md'
    video='https://youtu.be/ziu57oj-_Cg'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="21/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L24 useEffect and React lifecycle'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/material-2024/slide/4-08-LifeCycle.pdf'
    video='https://youtu.be/OzcEZFqgAB8'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="23/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 09 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab09-client-server-I/lab09-API-1.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab09-client-server-I'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="23/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 09 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab09-client-server-I/lab09-API-1.pdf'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/lab-2024/tree/main/lab09-client-server-I'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 12
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="28/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L25 useEffect: advanced topics'
    video='https://youtu.be/OcdWjXmhu2Y'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="28/05/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L26a Info about the exam - L26b Exercise on useEffect and fetch'
    github='https://github.com/polito-webapp1/wa1-weeks-2024/blob/main/week12/exercises.md'
    video={['https://youtu.be/ASBr_cjdgsk', 'https://youtu.be/xNTvNyzdLOM']}
/>

<LectureRow
    date="30/05/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 10 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab10-client-server-II/lab10-API-2.pdf'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="30/05/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 10 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
    pdf='https://polito-webapp1.github.io/lab-2024/lab10-client-server-II/lab10-API-2.pdf'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 13
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow
    date="04/06/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    topic='L27 Authentication with Passport.js'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="04/06/2024" time="11:30-13:00"
    topic='L28 Authentication Exercise'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="06/06/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 11 - Group 1'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="06/06/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Lab 11 - Group 2 and Group 3'
    teacher='Juan Pablo Sáenz'
/>

<LectureDivider>
### Week 14
</LectureDivider>

<LectureRow variant="info"
    date="11/06/2024" time="10:00-12:00"
    teacher=''
    type='Seminar'
><><i>How to teach Elephants to collaborate at Bending Spoons. The magic behind real-time collaboration in Evernote</i><br/>
Bending Spoons is a technology company based in Milan. Since its founding in 2013, the company has served over half a billion people across the globe through its suite of digital technology products, including Meetup, Remini, Splice, and Evernote.
During this presentation, we will see how Bending Spoons implemented real-time editing on Evernote, from locating the problem to integrating the best solution.</></LectureRow>


<LectureRow
    date="13/06/2024" time="08:30-10:00"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Exam Simulation (groups 1, 2, 3)'
    teacher='TBD'
/>

<LectureRow
    date="13/06/2024" time="10:00-11:30"
    type='Lab'
    topic='Exam Simulation (groups 1, 2, 3) - cont'
    teacher='TBD'
/>

</LectureTable>

## Video lectures

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLqRTLlwsxDL9lcLij9lXLxTGQHhKIgSFt" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

{/* <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/videoseries?list=PLqRTLlwsxDL8WgeiSZVJzjEr1f9aHy2gz" title="YouTube video player" frameBorder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowFullScreen></iframe>  */}
